I'm gonna have to ask you to get out of
the vehicle sir like the no one wanna
tend to forget in that one what do you
do what do you want do you have any
drugs in your possession wasn't your
hands oh it's a grenade I do I'm sorry
but do you have weapons in your
possession I have a lot of weapons yet
do you have a oh do you have a license
to your weapon I'm a cashew how are you
doing where you going you're not too
many for them you need to show me that I
in our game big enough there's a bat
away biggest get out get out you
assaulted me I can no such thing your
comment is so you saw a vehicle right
now we're you will stop come fare there
go for you're gonna die utility cop
Pharaoh we need to get this criminal
there we go we got a Kip of the cops
together we are about to show these
feelings who is the boss up in this town
you ready ladies well act anywhere today
you killed me robot severe
I'm in the car in the fucking truck get
down just sit back up a girl Sarah we
are coming for you guys bad boys whatcha
gonna do do what you gotta do can do
when we come for you family supplying it
dude I don't know no you William oh you
whore your hands up motherfucker yeah
they're very bad a terminal this tub
what what what criminal does not want to
be put in handcuffs by a woman come on
come on it's baby Chris than I could you
will stop bar vehicle cops mom dead say
what you will say okay come on this is
my cop car get out of it I'm trying and
try to hide right all right now oh shit
so guys like you get hurt I mean like
you girls gonna chase us excuse me we
ended up gets a handle some other copies
miss first or you need to go get some
coffee girls and some donut huh oh yes
oh yes we need coffee and donuts for
this long day we're gonna have ahead of
us stopping those terminals
o Farrell that's not how you treat a
police officer oh no no thank you thank
you perhaps the bad cops run away get
out of this car right now oh you already
tensed up and i think is really the bad
cop okay attorney anita why do you shoot
me I didn't do nothing